add changelog (#700)
run-ai/docs: docs/home/changelog/hotfixes-2-13.md

## Version 2.13.35 - December 19, 2023

### Release content

* <!-- RUN-14441 Add ability to set node affinity for Prometheus -->Added the ability to set node affinity for Prometheus.

### Fixed issues

| Internal ID | Description  |
| ---------------------------- | ---- |
| RUN-14472 | Fixed an issue where template updates were not being applied to the workload. |
| RUN-14434 | Fixed an issue where `runai_allocated_gpu_count_per_gpu` was multiplied by seven. |
| RUN-13956 | Fixed an issue where editing templates failed. |
| RUN-13825 | Fixed an issue when deleting a job that is allocated a fraction of a GPU, an associated configmap is not deleted. |
| RUN-13343 | Fixed an issue in pod status calculation. |

## Version 2.13.31

| Internal ID | Description  |
| ---------------------------- | ---- |
| RUN-11367 | Fixed an issue where a double click on *SSO Users* redirects to a blank screen. |

## Version 2.13.25

| Internal ID | Description  |
| ---------------------------- | ---- |

> | RUN-13171 | Fixed an issue when a cluster is not connected the actions in the *Workspace* and *Training* p[ages are still enabled. After the corrections, the actions will be disabled. |

Reviewer: P[ages? must be a typo

> | RUN-13171 | Fixed an issue when a cluster is not connected the actions in the *Workspace* and *Training* p[ages are still enabled. After the corrections, the actions will be disabled. |

Author: ```suggestion
| RUN-13171 | Fixed an issue when a cluster is not connected the actions in the *Workspace* and *Training* pages are still enabled. After the corrections, the actions will be disabled. |
```

## Version 2.13.19 - September 27, 2023

### Release content

* <!--RUN-12508  Identify and present Kubeflow Notebooks in Jobs table -->Added the ability to identify Kubeflow notebooks and display them in the Jobs table.
* <!-- RUN-12507 Support scheduling of Kubeflow workloads -->Added the ability to schedule Kubelow workloads.
* <!--RUN-12420 Show only logged-in user's jobs -->Added functionality that displays Jobs that only belong to the user that is logged in.
* <!-- RUN-12405 Refine out of the box alerts to run:ai rules --> Added and refined alerts to the state of Run:ai components, schedule latency, and warnings for out of memory on Jobs.
* <!-- RUN-11711 Pod Security Admission issues in control plane -->Added the ability to work with restricted PSA policy.

### Fixed issues

| Internal ID | Description  |
|-------------- | ------------------- |
| RUN-12650 | Fixed an issue that used an incorrect metric in analytics GPU ALLOCATION PER NODE panel. Now the correct allocation is in percentage. |
| RUN-12602 | Fixed an issue in `runaiconfig` where the `WorkloadServices` spec has memory requests/limits and cpu requests/limits and gets overwritten with the system default. |

> | RUN-12587 | Fixed an issue where elastic scheduling of jobs enters an endless loop. |

Reviewer: please remove this bug

> | RUN-12587 | Fixed an issue where elastic scheduling of jobs enters an endless loop. |

Author: ```suggestion
```
